Long time no see, Yun
Happy King hahahaha
Yun, we grew up together
Are there any outsiders here?
Don't call Xiaoyao King Xiaoyao King
By the way, Ah Yun
You arrived so soon?
The queen's auspicious omen cannot be delayed
It's true that politics is complicated
You really can't do it without the queen?
Don't talk nonsense
Although the queen checks out
But it didn't say it was because it was suitable.
Is there really a problem with the government?
This
I'm not too timid
Although I am the happy king
But it's just an idle royal
I don't care much about this political matter
What's the matter? Xuan Kingdom has your Warlord to testify
Does anyone else want to rebel?
Xuan Guo is the queen's comrade
I'm just his subordinate
Hahahaha
Yun, you still haven't changed
Loyalty to the Queen
Oh.
By the way, you should be in the palace for a long time this time
We haven't despised it for a long time
Wait until you meet the queen
Big brother will learn from each other
Happy King is still so competitive
We grew up playing together.
If you lose this time, don't cry
I've been practicing swordsmanship
I'm not who I used to be
There are many opportunities to learn from each other
Wait until I get down to business first
Zhenghuang time is almost up.
Let's go. OK.
Go downstairs, then you go first
Put the letter in Shi Yun's room, right?
Don't worry, Your Highness
Shi Yun, I have been waiting for this day for 20 years
You have no chance